Description:
Snapshot Manager asset is designed to capture in game footage with better integration. 
The main function is to capture snapshots , review them and either save them or dispose them while playing or play testing.
You can also browse saved snapshots from your project's folder while playing. 
The image directory is updated in real time while saving snapshots through your playtime.


Overview:
1)Supports real time (non-delayed) image capture of your in game experience.
2)Supports temporarily saves images in each of your game sessions and you can either decide which to delete and which to save.
3)Supports browsing all of your project's snapshots taken within a different panel.
4)Manual erase of your snapshots through the folder will not affect its functionality since it is fully integrated to handle all possible manual actions/mistakes you might commit.
5)Create and apply new directories and save them as default automatically for different snapshots sequences.

Instructions:
1)Drag the prefab from the asset's folder into your hierarchy 
2) Check the tags for each element within :
	a) ImageHolder -> Tag : Projector
	b) ImageTag -> Tag: Label
	c) ImageSequencer -> Tag: Sequencer
	d) InputField -> Tag: InputSeq
	e) StartingMSG -> Tag: InputSlot
	
3)The Snapshot Viewer is now ready to use. (Note: Do not delete directly from folder the snapshots while play testing.)

Controls:
1) Press "P" to capture snapshots.
2) Press "I" to open the main menu.
3) Press "F1" to open temporal snapshot holder (Contains all the current snapshots taken.)
4) Press "F3/F4" to browse current snapshots taken with "Left/Right" orientation.
5) Press "X" to save active snapshot in the temporal snapshot holder panel.
6) Press "Del" to delete active snapshot in the temporal snapshot holder panel.
7) Press the button "Select Folder" to select a new save path directory for your snapshots(Note : The default directory for your snapshots is the root project directory.)
8) Press "K/L" to browse saved images on the active save directory while main menu is active in the scene.(Note: if the images don't appear automatically press "I" again to refresh images in case you saved new images)
9) Press "Esc" to exit temporal snapshot holder.
10) Press "Esc" to exit main menu to return to your game.(Note that camera's orientation controls are locked while SnapshotViewer is active on the scene.)